README.md, before:

Bump GitHub Actions Workflow versions
=============================================

Why is this tool needed?

Maintaining GitHub Actions across many different repositories can make for a tedious and repetitive task. Dependabot and other tooling do not always work as expected, or send PRs when new versions of workflows are published i.e. the 4-5 required by any project using Docker.

It's an unnecessary burden to memorise which version of docker/login-action is the latest, instead, use gha-bump. It'll perform a no-op if you have nothing to change, otherwise you'll see the changes in your staged files. You could even use this as a pre-commit hook.

Usage:

```bash
go get github.com/alexellis/gha-bump

# Upgrade all workflow files in .github/workflows/
gha-bump --write .

# Upgrade .github/workflows in an alternative folder
gha-bump --write ~/go/src/github.com/alexellis/arkade
gha-bump --write ~/go/src/github.com/alexellis/k3sup

# Upgrade and write changes, do it quietly
gha-bump --verbose=false ./.github/workflows/build.yaml

# Print changes, do not write
gha-bump --verbose --write false \
  ./.github/workflows/build.yaml
```

Before/after:

```diff
  - name: Checkout code
-   uses: actions/checkout@v2
+   uses: actions/checkout@v4
```

Caveats:

* Does not modify the `master` tag if used for an action - `actions/checkout@master` - so set it to `v1` and then let it get upgraded
* Ignores actions which have been pinned with a SHA - `actions/checkout@sha1234567890`
* Ignores actions without a semver-like `v` prefix - `alexellis/upload-assets@0.10.0`

## License

MIT

No warranty of any kind is included, use at your own risk.

Commit message:

Add CI and release process from arkade
Signed-off-by: Alex Ellis (OpenFaaS Ltd) <alexellis2@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

Bump GitHub Actions Workflow versions
=============================================

Why is this tool needed?

Maintaining GitHub Actions across many different repositories can make for a tedious and repetitive task. Dependabot and other tooling do not always work as expected, or send PRs when new versions of workflows are published i.e. the 4-5 required by any project using Docker.

It's an unnecessary burden to memorise which version of docker/login-action is the latest, instead, use gha-bump. It'll perform a no-op if you have nothing to change, otherwise you'll see the changes in your staged files. You could even use this as a pre-commit hook.

Usage:

```bash
go get github.com/alexellis/gha-bump

# Upgrade all workflow files in .github/workflows/
gha-bump --write .

# Upgrade .github/workflows in an alternative folder
gha-bump --write ~/go/src/github.com/alexellis/gha-bump
gha-bump --write ~/go/src/github.com/alexellis/k3sup

# Upgrade and write changes, do it quietly
gha-bump --verbose=false ./.github/workflows/build.yaml

# Print changes, do not write
gha-bump --verbose --write false \
  ./.github/workflows/build.yaml
```

Before/after:

```diff
  - name: Checkout code
-   uses: actions/checkout@v2
+   uses: actions/checkout@v4
```

Caveats:

* Does not modify the `master` tag if used for an action - `actions/checkout@master` - so set it to `v1` and then let it get upgraded
* Ignores actions which have been pinned with a SHA - `actions/checkout@sha1234567890`
* Ignores actions without a semver-like `v` prefix - `alexellis/upload-assets@0.10.0`

## Contributing and feature requests

Always create an issue for discussion. PRs sent without a linked issue will be closed, without comment.

## License

MIT

No warranty of any kind is included, use at your own risk.
